[manila-csi-plugin] support muilple share rules (#2915)
kubernetes/cloud-provider-openstack: docs/manila-csi-plugin/using-manila-csi-plugin.md

----------|----------|------------
`shareID` | if `shareName` is not given | The UUID of the share
`shareName` | if `shareID` is not given | The name of the share

> `shareAccessIDs` | _yes_ | The UUID of the access rule for the share

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
`shareAccessIDs` | _yes_ | Comma separated UUIDs of access rules for the share
```

Reviewer: also this is a backwards incompatible change - there's a chance that it might be annoying to someone to patch pvcs to update this field on existing PVCs when the driver is updated... 

it feels like it'll be straightforward to just accept both values, and prefer one of them with simple updates:

```go
type NodeVolumeContext struct {
    ShareID        string `name:"shareID" value:"optionalIf:shareName=." precludes:"shareName"`
    ShareName      string `name:"shareName" value:"optionalIf:shareID=." precludes:"shareID"`
    ShareAccessIDs string `name:"shareAccessIDs" value:"optionalIf:ShareAccessID=." precludes:"ShareAccessID"`
    ShareAccessID  string `name:"shareAccessID" value:"optionalIf:ShareAccessIDs=." precludes:"ShareAccessIDs"` // Keep this for backwards compatibility
    // ...
}

// In your logic:
func getAccessIDs(ctx NodeVolumeContext) []string {
    if ctx.ShareAccessIDs != "" {
        // Split by comma if multiple
        return strings.Split(ctx.ShareAccessIDs, ",")
    } else if ctx.ShareAccessID != "" {
        // Backwards compatibility: treat as single-element list
        return []string{ctx.ShareAccessID}
    }
    return nil
}
```

> `shareAccessIDs` | _yes_ | Comma separated UUIDs of access rules for the share

Author: Hey, good point and thanks for the feedback! So the share adapter file in this PR is handling that situation in this function: `getAccessIDs`. So we first check if there is a value for `shareAccessIDs` and then we attempt with `shareAccessID`. If you prefer, we can keep the `shareAccessID` in this part of the documentation and add a note mentioning that multiple access IDS field is encouraged, as we did in the shareoptions.go. Is there some other place I'm missing this though?
